chore: add notice for trusting vault backend's ssl certificate (#6831)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/secrets-management/backends/gcp-sm.md

{:.note}
> With Workload Identity, setting the `GCP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` isn't necessary.

{:.note}

> > **Notice:** When using GCP Vault as a backend, make sure you have configured `system` as part of the [`lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` configuration directive](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration#lua_ssl_trusted_certificate) so that the SSL certificates used by official GCP API can be trusted by Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Notice:** When using GCP Vault as a backend, make sure you have configured `system` as part of the [`lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` configuration directive](/gateway/{{page.release}}/reference/configuration/#lua_ssl_trusted_certificate) so that the SSL certificates used by the official GCP API can be trusted by Kong.
```
